Git Ninja Toolkit (GNT)
=======================

Do you want to be a Total Git ***Badass***? Do you want your
colleagues to revere you as a Git god? Then you'll want to use the Git
Ninja Toolkit (GNT)!

GNT contains 1337 Git configuration files that will *probably* boost
your Git productivity by a non-trivial amount! (Note, I make ***no
guarantees*** that the toolkit will actually boost your productivity,
by any amount).

GNT also contains configuration files for some text-editors that you
might use in your daily software development.

Use at Your Own Risk
--------------------

GNT contains powerful (but dangerous) magicks. ***I do not recommend
that you use anything if you don't understand what it does***. See
[License](#license).

License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Keoki Zee

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
